# PORTFOLIOFinalVersion120623

I originally wanted my site to be something creative and cool, however; once I started to use Notepad++ and all the skills the textbook taught us, I decided against that. Making myself a portfolio just made the most sense because as someone who wants to go into a media related field, jobs usually ask for portfolios. This would be killing two birds with one stone, and I am glad I chose this route. Starting completely from scratch was super challenging for me, as the only experience I had with HTML and CSS was from high school and I had forgotten it all. I did by best to stick to what we were taught through the textbook and in class, and also some help from various websites and videos online. I looked at others' porfolios for inspriation and to ensure that I could make something simple yet sensible. The hardest part for me was figuring out divs and classes, but after some research and reading Duckett's book, I managed to figure things out and make some headway. The part I am most proud of is my naviagation bar at the top. It is not nearly as fancy and well coded as others are, but it was the best I could do with what I learned. Making this site come together was a feat I was afraid I wouldn't achieve, but I pulled through and it's a great accomplishment for me!

*I had to delete all the old files I had because they weren't in the proper folders and my site would have been unusable that way. Thanks to the help of a classmate, I learned how to upload entire folders and everything in them so that everything stays together in the intended way! So I am now reuploading all of this to make it more cohesive (12/10/23)*
